hey guys we're off to Robo toy Fest in
Pasadena first I'm going to try this
target see they have any new mega force
stuff they do have mega force figures
these guys are in sale they do have all
five no Robo Knight Robo toy fest it's
got some cars here ooh it's that thing
all right yeah hey hey hey hey hey yeah
you're making a scene at Robo toy fest
stop it yeah
there is mixing more satanic I have no
recollection of this
you guys remember that I guess
McDonald's in Japan go Buster Happy
Meals yeah no I want to go to McDonald's
in Japan
all right dropping this off at the car I
already have p.m. itis but mine I
painted so if I ever do a review I want
it to be like the the way the toy came
and then four bucks I'm really trying
not to go free MMPR but look at the
chrome no no no I love this gun it's
like so bright right
and then this pulls out
we've got a sword
hey stop shooting me so this is 50 comes
with this very tempting
I really want that
the editor don't need it you're supposed
to be the voice of reason and say put it
back look at the gold chrome on the back
man
silver come on from there's the
difference between the American and the
Japanese overdrive Megazord
you do your unbolts here right you're
going to take it off all the mounting
heart of I broke open one of those that
was dingy yellow took the electronics
out of it the only thing you have to do
is on the side here where the little pig
comes out when you pull on it to make it
turn on right you have to cut a small
hole to mount that okay otherwise your
your conversion is pretty much a
straight carryover you have to do a
little bit of soldering when you move
over but as long as you know a little
bit of electronics you're fine
this is 96 to 2012 Wow
so these are all sentai monsters monster
the day concept art yes but she's like
what hey Grubbs yeah that that's it huh
thank you Scott
I am so broke all right we were very
very bad this very time to go my second
target of the day
all right this target does have the
blaster and the Robo Knight Morpher I
see black red is it hey guys we're back
from Robo toy fest that was a lot of fun
I think I mean it was but I was very bad
I promised myself I wouldn't spend more
than twenty five to thirty dollars cuz
uh
Mia and I do freelance and this is
always like a really dead time for us so
we don't have any jobs coming in we
don't have any income don't have really
any money in savings so you know I
couldn't let go and spend a lot of money
so what did I do
I went and bought a ton of stuff but
actually it wasn't for me
I'm hoping to resell it because I saw a
lot of stuff that people on this channel
have been asking for so I just kind of
ended up hoarding because I don't have a
lot of self-control so yeah all of that
stuff is for sale and now I have to kind
of figure out what to do with it
I have to figure out how to group it how
to price it of course I'm not going to
be selling the stuff for less than I
paid I can't afford to do that so I
think every reasonable person
understands that you don't sell things
for less than you pay for them I'm
trying to get everything looking as new
as possible cleaning everything up and
then figuring out how and where do I
list things should I put some of the
things on eBay should I try to do the
stuff through Facebook how do I take
payment maybe I would consider doing
local pickup to save people on shipping
if you live near where we do in
California maybe we can meet somewhere
I'm still figuring this out so please be
patient I know my channel is MMPR toys
but it's more like showing you guys the
toys I don't really sell them I never
have sold them I should say so this is
my first time really selling toys now if
this does go well I would consider
actually doing this more often I would
go to more of these things see what I
could find kind of fix the stuff up and
then resell them and if this is like a
failure then this will be the last time
I guess because I spent a lot of money
that I shouldn't have spent I mean I
realize it's a big risk on my part I
understand that not your fault my fault
but maybe it could be a good thing I
hope now that I just finished telling
you guys how broke we are and how we
have no income and can't afford to give
away free things man I have but free
thing well we didn't buy free things we
bought things that we would like to give
away as prizes some little things
some bigger things so we're also
figuring out how to handle that so
following this video I have another
video to post with the wild horse
Megazord that I just finished cleaning
it really looks like it's brand new
alright I'm going to end here and then
get ready to post the next video so stay
tuned sorry if I'm like overloading your
subscriptions but I'm trying to spread
them out but we have a lot of videos
that are kind of waiting to be posted
alright I'm ending here thank you guys
for watching and I'll see you soon
you